How could she be a queen?
Right.
Mom, Mom, wake up.
He's out of breath.
Mom, don't leave the Onion.
Mom.
Are you going to kill the Queen?
Doctor
Right.
It's not.
Sir.
Lovers don't kill people.
Your wife is my aunt.
I don't kill people.
Princess
Yao Fei, you are a bad person.
Sir.
I didn't kill anyone.
That's Yang Lihua.
That's her.
She called the four horses to the cake.
She did that.
It's a dead woman.
Sir.
No, Your Majesty.
It's not me.
That's Princess Yao, that's Princess Yao.
That's Yao Fei, you're a bad person.
Dare to slander the bow
You killed my aunt.
I want to protect my aunt.
Don't.
Bad guy.
Normal is not good.
You must die in this blood.
The lover killed this evil man.
I killed her.
Princess
He was the one who brought Yang Lihua into the palace.
She's responsible for what she did.
Remember that you had the grace to save my life.
One of the people who brought the Princess to the palace discovered.
This life will not meet again.
No, no.
You don't need me.
This is the whole harem.
Except for me, no one loves me.
My cubine.
I don't want to except you.

All the people who love me.
Ma'am, I don't want to see you.
Ma'am, I don't just love you.
And you.
You're the king of the world.
Supported by millions of people.
Ma'am, you're not a princess.
Princess
I'll help you.
Innocent.
In here, you can love money and power.
But the feeling at the end can only be nothing.
The princess gave birth to a little prince.
Come on, let's have some fun.
Now these two women are one in the sky and one on the ground.
In the next life, I'll never love you.
Who?
That's me.